text/01_ActiveRecord/06_eager_loading.markdown, before:

##Eager Loading

Para explicar esta nova funcionalidade vou precisar mostrar na prática. Vamos pegar como exemplo o código abaixo:

	Author.find(:all, :include => [:posts, :comments])
	
Estou fazendo uma pesquisa na tabela **authors**, mas incluindo na minha query as tabelas **posts** e **comments**, relacionado-as pela coluna **author_id**. Para entender melhor veja a *query* gerada pelo Rails:

	SELECT
	  authors."id"          AS t0_r0,
	  authors."created_at"  AS t0_r1,
	  authors."updated_at"  AS t0_r2,
	  posts."id"            AS t1_r0,
	  posts."author_id"     AS t1_r1,
	  posts."created_at"    AS t1_r2,
	  posts."updated_at"    AS t1_r3,
	  comments."id"         AS t2_r0,
	  comments."author_id"  AS t2_r1,
	  comments."created_at" AS t2_r2,
	  comments."updated_at" AS t2_r3
	FROM
	  authors
	  LEFT OUTER JOIN posts ON posts.author_id = authors.id
	  LEFT OUTER JOIN comments ON comments.author_id = authors.id
	
Uma única query SQL foi criada contendo **joins** entre as tabelas **authors**, **posts** e **comments**. Chamamos isto de **produto cartesiano**.

Acontece que isto nem sempre é performático, por isto foi alterado. Nesta versão do Rails ao executar a mesma pesquisa na classe **Author**, o Rails usará uma outra estratégia para recuperar os dados das três tabelas. Ao invés de usar apenas uma query com todas as tabelas relacionadas, ele usará três querys menores, uma para cada tabela. Veja o resultado no log, após executar o mesmo código acima:

	SELECT * FROM "authors"
	SELECT posts.* FROM "posts" WHERE (posts.author_id IN (1))
	SELECT comments.* FROM "comments" WHERE (comments.author_id IN (1))

Na **"maioria"** dos casos executar três querys simples é mais rápido que executar uma única query gigante.

Commit message:

sera que ta diferente do pdf ? vamos verificar...

text/01_ActiveRecord/06_eager_loading.markdown, after:

##Eager Loading

To explain this new funcionality, let's look at some examples like the following code:

	Author.find(:all, :include => [:posts, :comments])
	
I'm searching through table **authors** and also including tables **posts** and **comments** in my query through to the **author_id** column, which is the default column name according to Rails' convention for foreign_key names. 
This search used to generate SQL queries like this:

	SELECT
	  authors."id"          AS t0_r0,
	  authors."created_at"  AS t0_r1,
	  authors."updated_at"  AS t0_r2,
	  posts."id"            AS t1_r0,
	  posts."author_id"     AS t1_r1,
	  posts."created_at"    AS t1_r2,
	  posts."updated_at"    AS t1_r3,
	  comments."id"         AS t2_r0,
	  comments."author_id"  AS t2_r1,
	  comments."created_at" AS t2_r2,
	  comments."updated_at" AS t2_r3
	FROM
	  authors
	  LEFT OUTER JOIN posts ON posts.author_id = authors.id
	  LEFT OUTER JOIN comments ON comments.author_id = authors.id

Exactly one SQL query with **joins** between tables **authors**, **posts** and **comments**. We call this **cartesian product**.	

This type of query is not always good performance wise, so it was changed for Rails 2.1. The same query for **Author** class now uses a different approach to retrieve information from all three tables. Instead of using one SQL query with all three tables, Rails now uses three different queries - one for each table - which are shorter queries than the former that used to be generated. The result can be seen in the log after executing the previous ruby on rails code:

	SELECT * FROM "authors"
	SELECT posts.* FROM "posts" WHERE (posts.author_id IN (1))
	SELECT comments.* FROM "comments" WHERE (comments.author_id IN (1))

In **most cases** three simpler queries will run faster than a complex and long query.
